feat(aad): add a resource to manage domain (#6824)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/aad_domain.md

---
subcategory: "Advanced Anti-DDoS"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_aad_domain"
description: |-

>   Manages an AAD domain name resource within HuaweiCloud.

Author: I think 'domain name' may be more accurate.

---

# huaweicloud_aad_domain

Manages an AAD domain name resource within HuaweiCloud.

-> **NOTE:** If the WAF CNAME of the origin server you want to add shares an IP address and port with the WAF CNAME of another
protected domain name, bypassing WAF will affect all the related protected domain names.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "domain_name" {}
variable "real_server" {}
variable "instance_ips" {
  type = list(string)
}

resource "huaweicloud_aad_domain" "test" {
    domain_name           = var.domain_name
    enterprise_project_id = 0
    vips                  = var.instance_ips
    real_server_type      = 0
    real_server           = var.real_server
    port_http  = [
        80,
        8080
    ]
    port_https = [
        443
    ]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `domain_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the domain name to be protected by AAD instance.

>   The domain name must be **put on record** otherwise it can not be used.

Author: I don`t know what is wrong.Just modify it.

* `enterprise_project_id` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the enterprise project id of the application.

* `real_server_type` - (Required, Int) Specifies the origin server type.
  The valid values are as follows:
  `0`: Indicates the type is IP address.
  `1`: Indicates the type is domain name.

* `real_server` - (Required, String) Specifies the value of the origin server.
  When the `real_server_type` is set to `0`, there can be maximum of 20 IP addresses, using commas(,) to separate multiple
  IP addresses. Each IP address is unique and invalid IP addresses are as follows:
  `127.0.0.1`,`172.16.*.*`,`192.168.*.*`,`10.0~255.*.*`.  
  When the `real_server_type` is set to `1`, you can enter a domain name such as `www.domain.com`.
  For multiple second-level domains, enter `*.domain.com.`.

* `vips` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the list of AAD instance IP address. Defense instance IP address must
  belong to the same enterprise project.
  In particular, it can not be empty at the same time as the `instance_ids`.

* `port_http` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the port when forwarding protocol is HTTP.
  The supported HTTP ports are as follows:

>   `80`,`81`,`82`,`83`,`84`,`85`,`88`,`133`,`134`,`140`,`141`,`144`,`151`,`881`,`1135`,`1139`,<br>

Author: It seems ok in the markdown documents, do I still need to make changes?

  `7000`,`7001`,`8001`,`8006`,`8078`,`8080`,`8087`,`8088`,`8089`,`8090`,`8093`,`8097`,`8100`,<br>
  `8182`,`8200`,`8813`,`8814`,`8888`,`9000`,`9001`,`9002`,`9003`,`18080`,`19101`,`19501`,<br>
  `21028`,`40010`.
  In particular, it can not be empty at the same time as the `port_https`.

* `port_https` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the port when forwarding protocol is HTTPS.
  The supported HTTPS ports are as follows:
  `443`,`882`,`1818`,`4006`,`4430`,`4443`,`5443`,`6443`,`7443`,`8033`,`8081`,`8082`,`8083`,<br>
  `8443`,`8445`,`8553`,`8663`,`8750`,`8804`,`8805`,`7443`,`9999`,`13080`,`14443`,`18000`,<br>
  `18443`,`18980`,`20000`,`28443`,`30001`,`30003`,`30004`,`30005`.
  In particular, it can not be empty at the same time as the `port_http`.

* `instance_ids` - (Optional, List) Specifies the list of AAD instance ID.
  In particular, it can not be empty at the same time as the `vips`.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

> * `id` - Specifies the resource ID which is also the domain name id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - Specifies the resource ID which is also the domain name ID.
```

> * `cname` - Specifies the EPS ID where the instance is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cname` - Specifies the enterprise project ID to which the instance belongs.
```

* `protocol` - Specifies the protocol used to protected origin server.

> * `waf_status` - Specifies the status of waf server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `waf_status` - Specifies the status of WAF server.
```

* `enterprise_project_id` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the enterprise project ID. The enterprise project
  ID should be consistent with the enterprise project to which the AAD instance belongs. The enterprise project ID can be
  viewed in Huawei Cloud EPS service, and the default enterprise project ID is "0".

* `real_server_type` - (Required, Int) Specifies the origin server type.
  The valid values are as follows:  
  `0`: Indicates the type is IP address.  
  `1`: Indicates the type is domain name.

* `real_server` - (Required, String) Specifies the value of the origin server.
  When the `real_server_type` is set to `0`, there can be maximum of 20 IP addresses, using commas(,) to separate multiple
  IP addresses. Each IP address is unique and invalid IP addresses are as follows:
  `127.0.0.1`, `172.16.*.*`, `192.168.*.*`, `10.0~255.*.*`.  
  When the `real_server_type` is set to `1`, you can enter a domain name such as `www.domain.com`.
  For multiple second-level domains, enter `*.domain.com.`.

* `vips` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the list of AAD instance IP address. Defense instance IP address must
  belong to the same enterprise project.

> * `instance_ids` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the list of AAD instance ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `instance_ids` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the list of AAD instance IDs.
```

  The valid values are as follows:  
  `80`, `81`, `82`, `83`, `84`, `85`, `88`, `133`, `134`, `140`, `141`, `144`, `151`, `881`,<br>
  `1135`, `1139`, `7000`, `7001`, `8001`, `8006`, `8078`, `8080`, `8087`, `8088`, `8089`,<br>
  `8090`, `8093`, `8097`, `8100`, `8182`, `8200`, `8813`, `8814`, `8888`, `9000`, `9001`,<br>
  `9002`, `9003`, `18080`, `19101`, `19501`, `21028`, `40010`.

* `port_https` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the port when forwarding protocol is HTTPS.
  The valid values are as follows:  
  `443`, `882`, `1818`, `4006`, `4430`, `4443`, `5443`, `6443`, `7443`, `8033`, `8081`, `8082`,<br>
  `8083`, `8443`, `8445`, `8553`, `8663`, `8750`, `8804`, `8805`, `7443`, `9999`, `13080`,<br>
  `14443`, `18000`, `18443`, `18980`, `20000`, `28443`, `30001`, `30003`, `30004`, `30005`.

-> Exactly one of `port_http` or `port_https` must be set.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID which is also the domain name ID.

* `cname` - The cname of domain.

* `protocol` - The protocol used to protected origin server.

* `waf_status` - The status of WAF server.

## Import

> The AAD domain name can be imported using the `id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AAD domain can be imported using the `id`, e.g.
```

---
subcategory: "Application Operations Management (AOM)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_aad_domain"
description: "Manages an AAD domain name resource within HuaweiCloud."

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: |-
  Manages an AAD domain name resource within HuaweiCloud.
---
```

Author: ok

# huaweicloud_aad_domain

Manages an AAD domain name resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "huaweicloud_aad_domain" "test" {
    domain_name = "xxx.xxx.xxx"
    enterprise_project_id = 0
    vips=["xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx"]
    real_server_type = 0
    real_server = "xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx"
    port_http =[
        80,
        8080
    ]
    port_https =[
        443
    ]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.

Reviewer: The AAD is global service，not need the field.

Author: ok

* `domain_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the domain name to be protected by AAD instance. The domain name must

>   be put on record otherwise it connot be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be put on record otherwise it can not be used.
```

Reviewer: This field can update?

Author: No,only real_server_type and real_server can update.

> * `enterprise_project_id` - (Required, String) Specifies the enterprise project id of the application.

Reviewer: This field can update?

> * `real_server_type` - (Required, Int) Specifies the origin server type which can be set as 0 or 1. 0 represents the type
> of IP address while 1 represents the type of domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `real_server_type` - (Required, Int) Specifies the origin server type.
  The valid values are as follows:
  + `0`: Indicates the type  is IP address.
  + `1`: Indicates the type  is domain name.
```

Author: ok
